Pandas have a secret breeding mechanic
that I bet you didn't know. Let me
explain. Everyone knows that pandas in
Minecraft have a few different variants:
[music]
normal, lazy, aggressive, worried,
playful, weak, and rarest of all, brown.
But what you probably don't know is that
panda breeding is way more complicated
than every other mob in the game. Most
mobs follow a simple rule. If the
parents are different variants, the baby
has a 50/50 chance of looking like
either one. But with pandas, you can
breed two normal pandas and get a brown
baby. And this isn't a random mutation
like how breeding two axelottals has a
tiny chance to result in a blue
axelottle. It's because pandas have two
genes, one visible and one hidden. When
pandas breed, each parent gives one
random gene to its baby. Most genes are
dominant, but weak and brown are
recessive. Dominant genes mean if a baby
gets both a dominant and recessive gene,
the dominant gene is visible. But rarely
the baby can get two recessive genes and
that's when a weaker or brown panda is